This repository contains an implementation of the continuous Coherent Ising Machine (CIM) (or Coherent Continuous Variable Machine) described in [Khosravi et al., 2022](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.04415).
In contrast to other reference implementations of the CIM, this implementation is specifically designed to facilitate modular evaluation of different feedback computations.  Most of the code resides in the `src` directory, while the `scripts` and `instances` directories contain additional scripts/instances required to replicate the results in:
> R. A. Brown, D. Venturelli, M. Pavone, and D. E. Bernal Neira, "Accelerating Continuous Variable Coherent Ising Machines via Momentum"

For the most part, parameters of the dynamical systems follow the notation in Khosravi et al. The main exception is the user-provided `opt` attribute representing the feedback calculation. Mirroring the PyTorch API, the `opt.params_grad` attribute will be written with the gradient of the objective, and `opt` should provide a `get_step` method (using `opt.params_grad` and potentially updating the internal state of the optimizer). `opt` should additionally provide a `zero_grad` method to reset the gradients in the optimizer. `src/optimizers` provides reference implementations of stochastic gradient descent, RMSProp, and Adam optimizers (largely derived from their PyTorch implementations).

A notebook is provided in `notebooks/demo.ipynb` to demonstrate how to configure and run the solver.

## Installation
Package dependencies are listed in `requirements.txt`. We use the python package [`maggot`](https://github.com/ex4sperans/maggot/) to log our experiments. Due to version incompatibility, this package may need to be installed from source, with its `requirements.txt` file edited to remove specific version numbers.